Hello, and welcome back to the next section.
Let's now take a deep dive
into the most advanced topics in JavaScript.
And that is Objects and Functions.
So Objects and Functions are two closely related
concepts in JavaScript.
They are also the two most used features of the language
because they allow us to do so many advanced things
with our code.
And so it's absolutely vital that you get a good grasp
of everything about Objects and Functions.
Now some of these concepts may be kind of difficult
to understand and confusing in the beginning.
Alright?
But don't worry.
That's absolutely normal when you're first
confronted with these topics.
So just pay good attention, take some notes,
and maybe re-watch a lecture or two,
if that's necessary.
And if you do so,
well I can guarantee you that Objects and Functions
will be crystal clear after this section.
And, with that being said, let's now get started
with a deep dive into Objects.
(light electronic music)